docs(upgrade): add a note note about TypeScript catch type change (#888)
vaadin/docs: articles/shared/upgrading/_changes.asciidoc

import { EndpointError } from '@vaadin/fusion-frontend';
----

=== TypeScript 4.4 Default Catch Variable Type

Vaadin has changed the TypeScript dependency version to 4.4.
Starting from this version, the default catch variable type changes in TypeScript from `any` to `unknown`.

> In practice, the error handling code that did not involve `instanceof` guards needs changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, there need to be changes to the error handling code that did not involve `instanceof` guards.
```
